in lake Isabella right now waiting for laundry to be done. maybe some of my socks will regain the ability to imitate the characteristics of cloths again.

the hike here is rough. midday temperatures would hover near 100 degrees. the lack of information about water caches in the water report made it stressful to know how much to carry and where to rest. 

looking back, it would jabber been impossible for me to have carried enough water. my hail Mary plan if there were no caches was to hike from 6pm to 10am giving me 14 hours of cool temps and no dry camping. but even then, i am not sure if the 8 liters that I carried out would have been enough. logistically, I think something reliable and well maintained needs to be worked out. as somebody who just got through there, I would put in money yearly to support it.

aside from the heat and water, the days were long. essentially everyday was a hike from dawn till dusk. 

coming out of tehatchipi, we did the 8 mile section plus another 6.

the next day was also hot. we camped in a grassy valley after a low 20 mole day

less optimal, this time I camped solo on top of the ridge. night hiking was getting rough because of all the sand being kicked up my the high winds combined with washed out sections. 

I camped 3 miles from Walker campground and enjoyed an awesome sunset and sunrise. the hitch into lake Isabella was fortuitous also. now many cars passed by that road, but a fellow hiker who took some days off happened to be dropping off other hikers. 